Would you guys like
a little something to eat?
Thanks for coming.
Jehovah created humans
with what unique abilities?
Sister Allison . . .
. . . about our Creator.
I don’t know why
I get so nervous around people.
I want to be more outgoing,
but I’m just not that type of person.
Maybe I’m just too shy
to be useful to Jehovah.
What was that scripture
Allison commented on last night?
Philippians 3:17:
“Unitedly become imitators of me, brothers,
“and keep your eye on those
who are walking in a way
that is in harmony
with the example we set for you.”
Then she mentioned how scared she was
to give talks or even go door to door.
But then she found a good friend
in the congregation.
By imitating her friend’s zeal,
she eventually worked up the courage
to start pioneering.
Maybe if I reach out to Allison,
she could be that friend for me.